More detailed documentation for recipes (#2343)
NVIDIA/TransformerEngine: docs/features/low_precision_training/fp8_blockwise_scaling/fp8_blockwise_scaling.rst

FP8 Blockwise Scaling is inspired by the quantization scheme used to train the `DeepSeek-v3 model <https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.19437>`__ –
the first open-source large-scale LLM trained entirely in FP8 precision.
Unlike the previous recipes, it assigns a dedicated scaling factor to each block of elements.

Data Format
--------------------------

The representation of an FP8 tensor element ``x`` in blockwise precision is given by:

.. code-block:: python

    x = x_fp8 * s_block

where

* ``x_fp8`` is the FP8 value (E4M3 or E5M2),
* ``s_block`` is a local **FP32** scaling factor shared by a block of elements.

.. raw:: html
   :file: img/combined_scaling.svg

*Figure 1. Top: Comparison of standard FP8 scaling (left) using a single scaling factor per tensor versus 
FP8 blockwise scaling in 1 dimension (right) using multiple scaling factors, one per block of 128 elements.
Bottom: FP8 blockwise scaling in 2 dimensions where each 128×128 block in the data tensor has a corresponding
scaling factor, providing fine-grained spatial control over quantization precision.*

**FP8 format**

Unlike FP8 Current/Delayed Scaling, E4M3 is used by default for both forward and backward passes.

> Previous recipes used E5M2 for gradients due to its higher dynamic range,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tensor-scaled recipes used E5M2 for gradients due to its higher dynamic range,
```

   (128 consecutive values for 1D blocks, or 128×128 values for 2D blocks).
2. Calculate ``s_block = max_fp8 / amax_block``, where ``max_fp8`` is
   the maximum representable value in the FP8 format (448 for E4M3, 57344 for E5M2).
3. If the power-of-2 constraint is enabled, round down to the nearest power of 2
   by zeroing out the mantissa bits, retaining only the sign and exponent.
4. Multiply each element in the block by ``s_block`` before converting to FP8.

This approach ensures that the largest value in each block fits within the FP8 representable range without overflow.

Handling transposes
------------------------

On Hopper, columnwise tensor access requires data to be transposed in memory.
For 1D scaling, the block direction must align with the access pattern:

* *Rowwise access*: 1 scaling factor per 128 consecutive elements in a row.
* *Columnwise access*: 1 scaling factor per 128 consecutive elements in a row of the transposed tensor,
  corresponding to 128 consecutive elements in a column of the original tensor.

For 2D scaling, each 128×128 tile has one scaling factor regardless of access direction.

This is illustrated below:

.. raw:: html

>    :file: img/transpose_handling.svg

Reviewer: Considering that we said earlier that things need to be padded to 128 then having descriptions like 120x240 tensor doesn't make sense. Those values do not make sense also because they are too small considering the picture (where each block is 128 wide, so if it really was just 240 then it should contain only 2 blocks)
